{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1030\deflangfe1030{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang1033\f0\fs22 The person with the lowest uselessness will be target for a doom event, which will trigger every 7th day. The doom event survival chance of the person, will be determinant by the uselessness of the person. The higher the uselessness, the lower the chance of survival. This creates a risk/reward situation for the player, by allowing them to invest in person, making them more usefull. This might result in the person being target for a doom event, but with higher chance of surviving it. On the other side, the player can choose to save their investment, and send a less usefull person to the doom event, which has a lower chance of surviving it. Resulting in a sacrifice.\par
On the first day, two doom events will be presenting as possiblities for the upcomming doom vent. At this point, the player doesn't know which doom event it will be, but can start to prepare for the worst. On day 3/4 one of the two events will be picked, and the player are now aware of the upcomming threat. \line Ex. Event 1a is a pack of wolfs and Event 1b is a fire in the storage tent. \par
Some doom events might have additional effect apart from the person dying. \line Ex. A fire the in storage tent, might burn all food, or only half if the fire is put out. \line Ex. Or on failure the event might give a chance of a positive effect/item.\par
\par
A seer/priest might be albe to foresee the upcomming doom event, resulting in the player knowing on the first day, which of the doom events it will be. This will however result in the seer's/priest's uselessness being lowered.\line A mad priest have on the first day, a 50% chance off revealing the true doom event, or a 50% chance of turning one of the two events into a worse event, resulting in a lower survival chance. Thus lowering or raising his/her uselessness.\par
\par
\par
The group will always pick the most compenent/usefull person to handle the doom event. \line Ex. The group is threatened by a pack of wild wolfs. A person will have to handle the situation, and the most competent is sent. If succeed the wolfs will be scared off. If fail the wolfs will eat the person, and return home in content.\par
- Then why only send one? Just because.. Game.. Something something.\par
\par
Maybe use "This war of mine" as character example.\par
States: Happy, depressed, sad, Angry, Etc.\line Other states: In love, \par
\par
\par
Work has a % work done displayed. Task done other multiple turns.\par
\par
\par
Each card can have their own map with tiles and paths?\par
\par
Needs:\line Food, Water, Sleep, Safety, Comfort, Social/Communication, Fun/Entertainment, Hygiene, Warmth\par
Special/(unnecessary) needs:\line Silence, Luxury, Exercise, Family, Recreation, Freedom, Alcohol, Literacy, Spirituality, Drugs, Clothing, Privacy, Environment, Animal compassion, Social media, Internet, Music, \par
Traits and conflict traits:\line Loud, Creative, Quiet, Persuasive, Helpful, Selfish, \par
\par
\par
Talker:\line If a talker person shares a station with another talker, then there is a 25% chance, that both won't perform their actions this turn.\par
Loud:\par
Quiet:\line If a quiet person spends the turn with another person, that has the loud trait, then the quiet person gets +1 stress.\line If a quiet person spends the turn with another person, that has the Dominant trait, then the quiet person gets +1 stress.\par
Ego:\par
Lawful:\par
Dominant:\par
Creative:\par
\par
\par
Hair dresser: [Creative, Talker]\cf1 []\cf0\line Compulsive liar: Complements everyone's hair: -1 useless to all in camp at start of each turn.\par
Seer: []\cf1 []\cf0\line Prediction: Doom event are revealed one the first day. -5 uselessness on first week day. But requires gold/payment\par
Kassemedarbejder: []\cf1 []\cf0\line Young man: Fall permanent in love with the first women he sees in camp.\line +20% production when in love. -50% production when not in love. \line Can work even though depressed.\par
Reality Star: [Ego]\cf1 []\cf0\line Complains:\line Seeks attention:\par
P-Vagt: [Lawful]\cf1 []\cf0\par
Wrestler: []\cf1 []\cf0\line 50% chance to only pretend to do his work.\par
Postman: []\cf1 []\cf0\line Wakes up early: Get 20% chance more work done.\line Sings: 50% chance to annoy people, and 50% chance to make people happy.\par
Mime: [Quiet] \cf1 [Loud]\cf0\par
Kindergarten teacher:\line Formidler: Can lessen other angry people.\line If more than one "p\'e6dagog" in camp. Then 50% chance of no work being done.\par
Fashion designer: [Creative]\par
Bugtaler: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Actor: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Food blogger: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Porn star: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Garden architect: [Creative]\cf1 []\cf0\par
Painter: [Creative]\cf1  []\cf0\par
Cult leader: [Dominant]\cf1 []\cf0\par
Wine tasting expect:\par
Spindocter: []\cf1 [Lawful]\cf0\par
Webmaster: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Medium: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Sign spinner: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Helpdesk supporter: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Travel agent: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Nutritionist: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Librarian: [Quiet]\line - Needs: Silence. Will get -1 comfort for each loud person in camp. \par
Gym Teacher: [Dominant, Loud]\cf1 []\cf0\par
Personal Trainer: [Dominant]\cf1  []\cf0\par
Elevator operator: [Service minded]\cf1 []\cf0\par
Cleaning lady: [Service minded]\cf1 []\cf0\par
Lawyer: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Stock broker: [Selfish]\cf1 []\cf0\par
Pilot: [Charmer]\cf1 []\cf0\par
Stewardesse: [Service minded]\cf1 []\cf0\par
Puppeteer: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Santa: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Door-to-door salesman: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Truckdriver: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Museum curator: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Archaeologist: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Magician: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Programmer: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
Mall security guard: []\cf1 []\cf0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Gameplay ideas:\par
#1) People are station at camp, where the player can organize them to do different tasks. Gather, build, rest. The player can then also send a person to explore, making them available on the world map. People exploring are not part of the camp\rquote s benefits.\par
#2) People are always on world map. The player can then move them around the map, to assign them to tiles. This will make the person work the tile, resulting in a production.\par
#3) People can be station in different camps/stations. The tiles available within a certain distance can be worked by those people.\par
#4) Safe tiles\par
#5) No world map. Only camp. Card based. Draw cards to reveal what happens.\par
#6) Polyworld and polycamp. Drag n\rquote  drop people around camp, to assign them to difference posts. The player can also assign a person to a explore post, which will make the person available for exploration at the end of the turn. The person can now select from already found location cards, or can choose to get at new exploration card at random. The location card can lead to a map for exploring a section of the island in depth. Like a cave, grove etc.\line Basebuilding: On the camp screen, the player can place build projects (bar, shower, fire, tent, hut etc.), and assign people to build them. After the project has been build, people can be assigned to them for added bonuses. Regardless of assigned post apart from exploring and \ldblquote something\rdblquote , the people will still be considered \ldblquote in camp\rdblquote , and will receive social benefits/negatives.\line Certain post requires specific items. For example the fishing post requires fishing gear, which can be found, crafted or brought.\line The basebuilding inspiration comes from Robinson Crusoe, This war of mine,\par
Max number of locations stored. Max number of paths, so can be blocked by a trap?\par
#7) Like #6, but with rpg elements. Also exploration is done like a group/party.\par
}
 